News | The Elmet Group
Skip to content
About
Mission
Investors
Stock Data
SEC Filings
Governance
Financial Info
Divisions
Critical Materials Components
Engineered Microwave Products
Elmet Refining & Trading
Markets
Energy
Medical
Industrial
Semiconductor & Electronics
Aerospace, Defense & Government
News
Investor Relations
The Elmet Group
News
September 30, 2026
Elmet Technologies Awarded $36 Million Defense Logistics Agency Contract for Molybdenum and Tungsten Aerospace Materials
Contract covers high-performance alloys and precision wire used in the production of jet engine components Award is in addition to the $2 billion DLA tungsten stockpile contract announced September 14,…
Read More
September 23, 2026
The Elmet Group to Invest Approximately $125 Million in Masan High-Tech Materials to Strengthen Tungsten Supply Chain
Two industry leaders formalize strategic relationship spanning the full tungsten value chain Investment includes a 4.99% ownership stake and multi-year supply agreements across key production stages Further advances the objectives…
Read More
September 22, 2026
The Elmet Group Secures Long-Term Tungsten Offtake Agreement with Tungsten West’s Hemerdon Mine
Agreement expected to expand and strengthen tungsten supply chains across the U.S., UK, and allied nations with one of the world’s largest tungsten deposits Further advances the objectives of the…
Read More
September 14, 2026
The Elmet Group to Deploy Strategic Capital to Strengthen U.S. and Allied Tungsten Supply Chain
$450 Million Department of War Committed Investment Expected to Expand ELMT’s Global Tungsten Mining Network and Processing Capabilities PORTLAND, Maine – September 14, 2026 – The Elmet Group Co. (NASDAQ:…
Read More
September 14, 2026
Department of War Makes Landmark $450 Million Committed Investment in The Elmet Group to Secure America’s Tungsten Supply Chain
Investment expected to enhance domestic manufacturing capacity and reduce foreign dependence on critical minerals Anticipated to expand ELMT’s resilient global tungsten mining network and processing capabilities ELMT secures up to…
Read More
September 8, 2026
The Elmet Group Co. Signs Agreement to Acquire ams OSRAM Schwabmünchen Metal Production Operations, Establishing European Manufacturing Footprint for Tungsten and Molybdenum Components
Acquisition Expected to Expand Global Production Capabilities for Critical Refractory Metal Products PORTLAND, Maine, USA – September 8, 2026 – The Elmet Group Co. (“Elmet,” the “Company,” “we,” or “our”)…
Read More
August 13, 2026
The Elmet Group Co. Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results
Continued demand acceleration in Aerospace, Defense & Government markets Revenue increased over 35%, with over 430 basis points of gross profit margin expansion driving adjusted EBITDA increase of 57.9% Backlog…
Read More
July 30, 2026
The Elmet Group Co. Schedules Second Quarter 2026 Earnings Call
PORTLAND, Maine – July 30, 2026 – The Elmet Group Co. (“Elmet” or the “Company”), a U.S.-based provider of precision-engineered components and advanced high-energy systems, will hold a conference call…
Read More
June 25, 2026
The Elmet Group Co. Increases Ownership in EQ Resources Limited, Furthering its Investment in Critical Tungsten Supply Chain
PORTLAND, Maine – June 25, 2026 – The Elmet Group Co. (Nasdaq: ELMT) (“Elmet” or the “Company”), a U.S.-based provider of precision-engineered components and advanced high-energy systems, today announced it…
Read More
June 23, 2026
The Elmet Group Co. Set to Join Russell 3000® and Russell Microcap® Indexes
PORTLAND, Maine – June 23, 2026 – The Elmet Group Co. (Nasdaq: ELMT) (“Elmet” or the “Company”), a U.S.-based provider of precision-engineered components and advanced high-energy systems, is set to…
Read More
1
2
Next Page
Company
About Us
Our Mission
Investors
Info
Business Divisions
Markets
Connect
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2026 The Elmet Group
Department of War Makes Landmark $450 Million Committed Investment in The Elmet Group to Secure America’s Tungsten Supply Chain
Press Release
×