Pneumatic and Hydraulic Company is Driving the Future of Energy Forward from Katy, Texas
Skip to content
Toll Free
1-337-839-1999
Shop
Hydrogen Solutions
Hydrogen Production & Generation
Hydrogen Compression & Transfer Systems
Hydrogen Refueling & Dispensing
Hydrogen Fuel Cell Technology
Hydrogen Components & Accessories
Product Support & On-Site Service
Systems
Automation Systems
Automated Systems
Data Acquisition Systems
Hydraulic Control Panels
Wellhead Control Panels
High Pressure Systems
Request a Liquid System Quote
Air Amplifier Systems
Gas Booster Systems
Disinfecting Equipment
Hydraulic Power Units
Oxygen Booster Systems
Pump Skids
Test Systems
Custom Hydrostatic Pressure Test Systems
Hose Test Rigs
Pressure Gauge Calibration Equipment
Hydrostatic Test Packs
Pressure Test Carts
Products
Brands
Services
Repairs
Field Service
Hydraulic Pump Repairs
Hydraulic Cylinder Repairs
Valve Repairs
High Pressure Test System Repairs
Inspections
Private Labeling
Rentals
Sectors
Aerospace
Car Wash
CBD Extraction
Construction & Heavy Equipment
Cryogenics
Food & Beverage
Municipalities
Oil and Gas
Renewables
Hydroelectric Power Plants
Renewable Energy
Wind Power Generation
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Case Studies
News
Product Literature
Subscribe
Frequently Asked Questions
News
Pneumatic and Hydraulic Company
News
Pneumatic and Hydraulic Company is Driving the Future of Energy Forward from Katy, Texas
Home
>
News
>
Pneumatic and Hydraulic Company is Driving the Future of Energy Forward from Katy, Texas
Pneumatic and Hydraulic Company is Driving the Future of Energy Forward from Katy, Texas
Posted by
Rachel Bonnette
on
January 27, 2026
Demand for high-tech energy and industrial solutions is increasing, with one company helping drive the next generation of progress:
Pneumatic and Hydraulic Company, LLC
(PHC). The longtime leader in the fluid power industry is making bold moves in hydrogen technology, supported in part by its growing presence in Katy, TX. With its strategic location, business-friendly environment, and exceptional talent pool, Katy is a tremendous selection as a production center to launch the company’s next era of growth and impact. The
Katy Area Economic Development Council
is proud to support forward-thinking companies like PHC, whose work continues to drive economic momentum across the region.
A history of powering progress
Originally founded in Baton Rouge in 1959 as a family-owned distributor, the company began on the core principles of quality service and deep technical expertise. When the current ownership took over in 2003, they began steering the company toward innovation, expanding its capabilities into designing and building custom industrial systems.
In 2005, Pneumatic and Hydraulic expanded its physical footprint into Lafayette, LA, and then into Houston, TX two years later. This growth enabled the company to serve a broader client base across industries such as oil and gas, aerospace, and manufacturing. The pivotal move from Houston to Katy in 2021 marked a new chapter for the company at the heart of a thriving and strategically located business environment.
Next phase: hydrogen
The company has recently taken a bold step into the hydrogen space. Three years ago, Pneumatic and Hydraulic launched a new division called
Total Hydrogen Systems
, which specializes in all phases of hydrogen projects from concept and design to installation, maintenance and repair.
“We’re truly focused on supporting every part of the hydrogen lifecycle, including innovative applications such as converting waste plastics into clean hydrogen fuel,” said Katy Branch Manager Bobby Hunt, who also serves on the Katy Area Economic Development Council board.
Katy benefits
The decision to relocate to Katy has proven strategic and forward-thinking, related to the myriad of present advantages that aid business success. From a logistical standpoint, Katy offers proximity to major airports like George Bush Intercontinental and Hobby, and is an easy drive away from Austin, San Antonio, and the Port of Houston. These connections enable fast and efficient transportation of goods and personnel.
The city is not dependent on one industry, creating a dynamic and resilient business environment attractive to large companies, startups, and entrepreneurs exploring the energy and manufacturing sectors. The area boasts lower tax rates than Houston, contributing to a more cost-effective business model. As hydrogen continues to gain national traction, more companies are migrating from places like California to Texas. As a result, the Katy area is fast becoming a hub for clean energy innovation.
“The region has a robust talent pool encompassing everything a company needs, from engineers to technicians and skilled assemblers, to support these efforts and fuel ongoing growth,” said Hunt. “The Katy Area Economic Development Council has been instrumental in providing networking opportunities and connecting businesses with valuable local resources.”
Living in Katy is quite amenable too. Its location along the I-10 corridor on the west side of Houston places it in one of Texas’s top suburban business environments. The community, schools, and affordability make it a compelling choice for employees and their families.
Katy delivers success
Katy stands out as a premier destination for industry to those considering a move or expansion. To learn more about the business and personal potential awaiting in the Katy area,
visit the Katy Area Economic Development Council website
.
News
Follow us
ABOUT PNEUMATIC & HYDRAULIC CO.
Pneumatic & Hydraulic Company is a premier supplier of pneumatics, hydraulics, filtration and motion control products. For more than 60 years, we have provided a comprehensive line of pneumatic and hydraulic products backed by strong, personal customer service.
SHARP Certified, Pneumatic & Hydraulic Company is committed to being a comprehensive source for quality products 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. We are a leading supplier for 50 plus pneumatic and hydraulic brands like Haskel, Butech, Graco, SMC, Sheffer, Master Pneumatic, and Hawe.
Privacy Policy
Locations
Baton Rouge, LA (Geismar):
225-269-9966
Houston, TX (Katy):
713-843-7197
Lafayette, LA (Broussard):
337-614-6592
Business Hours
We are available for emergency service 24/7/365.
Monday-Friday:8am to 5pm
© 2025 Pneumatic and Hydraulic Company, LLC | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED |
Powered by Eight Hats
R&R Manufacturing
Total Energy Solutions
Power Temp Systems
Contact Us
Careers
Disclaimer
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in
settings
.
Accept
Change cookie settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by
GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Enabled
Disabled
Enable All
Save Settings